Noam/dee 152 add quickstart under a new nlp section (#2383)
deepchecks/deepchecks: docs/source/user-guide/nlp/quickstarts/README.rst

NLP Quickstarts
===============

> Deepchecks for NLP is currently in alpha stage. The following quickstart will walk you through how you can try the
> existing functionality quickly for your own NLP project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deepchecks for NLP is currently in alpha stage. The following quickstart will run you through how to easily try the
existing functionality on your own NLP project.
```

In addition to the individual quickstarts available here, you can also use built-in

> :ref:`Suites <deepchecks_hierarchy_suite>` to run all the checks relevant to a specific part in your ML pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Suites <deepchecks_hierarchy_suite>` to run all the checks relevant to a specific stage in your ML pipeline.
```

For the API reference of each of the built-in Suites, check out :mod:`deepchecks.nlp.suites`.

This is an alpha release and you can help us develop it further! You can provide feedback and suggestions as issues on
`GitHub <https://github.com/deepchecks/deepchecks/issues>`__, or by joining our

> `Community Slack <https://join.slack.com/t/deepcheckscommunity/shared_invite/zt-18t2fxw7a-16zag~Y9hZI_wvQYh2Jccg>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Community Slack <https://www.deepchecks.com/slack>`__.
```
